AE-1358 Any or All multi-bot support (#38)
arbitraryexecution/forta-bot-templates: README.md

simply by creating configuration files. These Bot templates were designed by [Arbitrary Execution](https://www.arbitraryexecution.com/).
More projects are available on [Arbitrary Execution's Github](https://github.com/arbitraryexecution)

## Bot Setup Walkthrough

The following steps will take you from a completely blank template to a functional bot.

1. Copy the `bot-config.json.example` file to a new file named `bot-config.json`.

2. `developerAbbreviation` (required) - Type in your desired abbreviation to specify your name or your development
team name.  For example, Arbitrary Execution uses the abbreviation `"AE"` for its `developerAbbreviation` value.

3. `protocolName` (required) - Type in the name of the protocol.  For example, for the Uniswap protocol you may
type in `"Uniswap"` or `"Uniswap V3"`, for the SushiSwap protocol you may type in `"Sushi"` or `"SushiSwap"`, etc.

4. `protocolAbbreviation` (required) - Type in an appropriate abbreviation for the value in `protocolName`.  For
example, `"Uniswap"` may be abbreviated `"UNI"` and `"SushiSwap"` may be abbreviated `"SUSH"`, etc.

5. `gatherMode` (required) - This can either be `any`, or `all`.

> - `any` returns any/all findings, for any bot added the the template list.
> - `all` returns findings only if all bots had findings for that transaction **and** containing block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `any` returns any/all findings, for any bot added the the template list.
  - `all` returns findings only if all bots had findings for that transaction **and** containing block
```

> 6. `bots` (required) - This is where you stick config information for all bots you'd like to run.
> Check the appropriate Bot Templates setup for more details on each one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. `bots` (required) - This Object contains configuration information for all bots you'd like to run. Check the individual Bot Templates SETUP.md files for more details how to create each one.
```
